README.md, before:

# Dashboard Project

The **Dashboard Project** is a web-based server monitoring tool that allows users to view essential server metrics in a user-friendly interface. This project includes a simple dashboard built with HTML, CSS, and a backend to monitor server resources such as CPU, RAM, disk usage, and more.

## Features:
- **Server Metrics**: Displays real-time server data such as CPU usage, memory usage, disk space, and network activity.
- **Custom Styling**: The dashboard uses a clean, modern design with custom CSS, including a gradient color scheme and rounded corners.
- **Responsive Design**: The dashboard adjusts to different screen sizes, making it accessible from both desktop and mobile devices.

## Technologies Used:
- **HTML5**: For the basic structure of the dashboard.
- **CSS3**: For styling, including a gradient color scheme and responsive layout.
- **Ansible**: Used for server automation and deployment of the web dashboard.

## Setup:
1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
# AnsibleDashboard

Commit message:

Feature #10 - Docker Functionalites in Ansible
WIP: Docker developpment initiated

README.md, after:

# Dashboard Project

The **Dashboard Project** is a web-based server monitoring tool that allows users to view essential server metrics in a user-friendly interface. This project includes a simple dashboard built with HTML, CSS, and a backend to monitor server resources such as CPU, RAM, disk usage, and more.


## Roles:
- **Docker**: Displays real-time server data such as CPU usage, memory usage, disk space, and network activity.
- **Security**: The dashboard uses a clean, modern design with custom CSS, including a gradient color scheme and rounded corners.
- **Linux Admin**: The dashboard adjusts to different screen sizes, making it accessible from both desktop and mobile devices.
Apart from NGINX-based HTML, data driven server dashboard - Project involves multiple additional roles useful for any Linux admin.



## Features:
- **Server Metrics**: Displays real-time server data such as CPU usage, memory usage, disk space, and network activity.
- **Custom Styling**: The dashboard uses a clean, modern design with custom CSS, including a gradient color scheme and rounded corners.
- **Responsive Design**: The dashboard adjusts to different screen sizes, making it accessible from both desktop and mobile devices.

## Technologies Used:
- **HTML5**: For the basic structure of the dashboard.
- **CSS3**: For styling, including a gradient color scheme and responsive layout.
- **Ansible**: Used for server automation and deployment of the web dashboard.
- **Docker**: Docker role was used to manage the containerized apps such as Jenkins 

## Setup:
1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone <repository-url>
# AnsibleDashboard
